Replace .NET Framework with .NET where applicable (#20025)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/programming-guide/concepts/async/control-flow-in-async-programs.md

You can download the code that this topic uses from MSDN, or you can build it yourself.

> [!NOTE]

> > To run the example, you must have Visual Studio 2012 or newer and the .NET Framework 4.5 or higher installed on your computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To run the example, you must have the .NET Framework 4.5 or later installed on your computer.
```
